#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  CAILLOU" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  CAILLOU
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/3.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  CORAJE EL PERRO COBARDE" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  CORAJE EL PERRO COBARDE
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/4.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  CUENTRO GREEM" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  CUENTRO GREEM
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/5.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  DINOSAURIOS 1991" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  DINOSAURIOS 1991
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/6.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  DRAGON BALL 1984" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  DRAGON BALL 1984
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/7.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  LOS SIMPSON" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  LOS SIMPSON
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/8.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  SOUTH PARK" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  SOUTH PARK
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/9.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7  THE WALKING DEAD" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7  THE WALKING DEAD
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/10.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 ALF" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 ALF
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/11.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 BARNY Y SUS AMIGOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 BARNY Y SUS AMIGOS
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/13.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 BATMAN 1966 RETRO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 BATMAN 1966 RETRO
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/14.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 BOB ESPONJA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 BOB ESPONJA
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/16.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 BREAKING  BAD" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 BREAKING  BAD
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/17.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 CABALLEROS DEL ZODIACO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 CABALLEROS DEL ZODIACO
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/18.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 CANTINFLAS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 CANTINFLAS
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/19.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 CSI: MIAMI" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 CSI: MIAMI
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/21.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Death note" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Death note
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/22.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 DESAFIO SOBRE FUEGO LATIN AMERICA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 DESAFIO SOBRE FUEGO LATIN AMERICA
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/23.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 DRAGON  BALL SUPER" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 DRAGON  BALL SUPER
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/25.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 DRAGON BALL GT 1996" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 DRAGON BALL GT 1996
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/26.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 DRAGON BALL Z 1989" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 DRAGON BALL Z 1989
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/27.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 El AvispÃ³n Verde" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 El AvispÃ³n Verde
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/28.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL CHAPULIN COLORADO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL CHAPULIN COLORADO
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/29.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL CHAVO DEL 8" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL CHAVO DEL 8
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/30.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL CHEMA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL CHEMA
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/31.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL COYOTE Y CORRE CAMINOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL COYOTE Y CORRE CAMINOS
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/32.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL PATON DEL MAL" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL PATON DEL MAL
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/33.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 EL SEÃ‘OR DE LOS CIELOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 EL SEÃ‘OR DE LOS CIELOS
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/34.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 FUTURAMA 1999" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 FUTURAMA 1999
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/35.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 HAPPY TREE FRIENDS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 HAPPY TREE FRIENDS
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/36.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 He-Man" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 He-Man
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/37.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 HÃ‰ROES EN PIJAMAS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 HÃ‰ROES EN PIJAMAS
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/38.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 JUEGO DE TRONOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 JUEGO DE TRONOS
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/39.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA CASA DE PAPEL" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA CASA DE PAPEL
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/40.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA FAMILIA MONSTERS 1964" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA FAMILIA MONSTERS 1964
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/41.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA HORA PICO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA HORA PICO
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/42.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA PANTERA ROSA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA PANTERA ROSA
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/44.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA RISA EN VACIONES" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA RISA EN VACIONES
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/45.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LA ROSA DE GUADALUPE" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LA ROSA DE GUADALUPE
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/46.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LAZY TOWN" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LAZY TOWN
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/47.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LE TEMES ALA OSCURIDAD" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LE TEMES ALA OSCURIDAD
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/48.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LOS LOCOS ADDAMS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LOS LOCOS ADDAMS
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/49.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LOS PICA PIEDRAS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LOS PICA PIEDRAS
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/50.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 LUIS MIGUEL LA SERIE 2018" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 LUIS MIGUEL LA SERIE 2018
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/51.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Malcolm in the middle 2000" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Malcolm in the middle 2000
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/52.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Mazinger Z" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Mazinger Z
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/53.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Naruto" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Naruto
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/55.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Peliculas de terror" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Peliculas de terror
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/57.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 PELICULAS ESTRENOS 2018" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 PELICULAS ESTRENOS 2018
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/58.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 PEPPA PIG" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 PEPPA PIG
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/59.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 PINKY y CEREBRO" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 PINKY y CEREBRO
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/60.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 PokÃ©mon" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 PokÃ©mon
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/61.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 POWER RANGERS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 POWER RANGERS
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/62.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 ROBOTECH" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 ROBOTECH
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/63.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SAILOR MOON" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SAILOR MOON
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/64.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Shark Tank MÃ©xico TEP 1" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Shark Tank MÃ©xico TEP 1
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/65.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 Shark Tank MÃ©xico TEP 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 Shark Tank MÃ©xico TEP 2
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/66.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SHERA" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SHERA
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/67.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SMALLVILLE" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SMALLVILLE
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/68.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SPIDER-MAN" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SPIDER-MAN
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/69.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 STRANGER THINGS" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 STRANGER THINGS
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/70.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 SUPER CAMPEONES" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 SUPER CAMPEONES
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/71.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 THUNDERCAST" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",24/7 THUNDERCAST
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/72.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="24/7 XMEN ANIME" tvg-logo="https://images3.alphacoders.com/867/thumb-1920-867349.png" group-title="24/7",24/7 XMEN ANIME
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/73.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:A&E Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="ENTRETENIMIENTO",MrZutv.net:A&E Latinoamerica
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/258.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Animal Planet LatinoamÃ©rica" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Animal Planet LatinoamÃ©rica
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/259.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Axn" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Axn
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/263.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Azteca Uno" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Azteca Uno
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/265.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Boomerang Mexico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Boomerang Mexico
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/267.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Cartoon Network Mexico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Cartoon Network Mexico
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/274.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Cinecanal Oeste" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Cinecanal Oeste
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/275.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:CineLatino" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:CineLatino
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/276.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:CNN en EspaÃ±ol" tvg-logo="" group-title="NOTICIAS",MrZutv.net:CNN en EspaÃ±ol
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/279.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Discovery Channel" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Discovery Channel
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/283.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Discovery Home & Health" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Discovery Home & Health
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/284.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Discovery Turbo" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Discovery Turbo
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/286.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Disney Channel MÃ©xico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Disney Channel MÃ©xico
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/287.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Disney Junior Mexico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Disney Junior Mexico
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/288.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Disney XD Mexico" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Disney XD Mexico
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/289.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:FoX Channel" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:FoX Channel
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/295.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Action" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Action
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/297.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Family Oeste" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Family Oeste
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/300.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Movies" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Movies
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/301.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Series Oeste" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Fox Premium Series Oeste
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/302.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:FX" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:FX
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/306.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:FXM Oeste" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:FXM Oeste
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/307.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO + Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO + Latinoamerica
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/309.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO 2 Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO 2 Latinoamerica
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/310.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO Family Latinoamerica" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO Family Latinoamerica
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/311.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:HBO LatinoamÃ©rica" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:HBO LatinoamÃ©rica
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/312.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Hbo Xtreme" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Hbo Xtreme
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/313.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:History LatinoamÃ©rica" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:History LatinoamÃ©rica
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/315.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net: Investigation Discovery" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net: Investigation Discovery
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/321.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Las Estrellas MÃ©xico" tvg-logo="" group-title="MEXICO",MrZutv.net:Las Estrellas MÃ©xico
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/324.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:MTV Latino" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUSICA",MrZutv.net:MTV Latino
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/329.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:National Geographic Norte" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:National Geographic Norte
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/333.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:National Geographic Wild" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:National Geographic Wild
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/334.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Nick Jr Latin America" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Nick Jr Latin America
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/335.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Nickelodeon Norte" tvg-logo="" group-title="NIÃ‘OS",MrZutv.net:Nickelodeon Norte
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/336.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Paramount Network Latin America" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Paramount Network Latin America
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/340.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Playboy" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",MrZutv.net:Playboy
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/341.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Sextreme" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",MrZutv.net:Sextreme
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/343.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Sony Channel Sur" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Sony Channel Sur
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/344.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Space MExico" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:Space MExico
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/345.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Studio Universal" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Studio Universal
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/346.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Tcl" tvg-logo="" group-title="MUNDO Y CULTURA",MrZutv.net:Tcl
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/349.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:TNT AmÃ©rica Latina" tvg-logo="" group-title="CINEMA",MrZutv.net:TNT AmÃ©rica Latina
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/351.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:TNT Series MÃ©xico" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:TNT Series MÃ©xico
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/352.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Universal TV" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Universal TV
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/355.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Venus" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",MrZutv.net:Venus
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/356.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="MrZutv.net:Warner Channel" tvg-logo="" group-title="SERIES",MrZutv.net:Warner Channel
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/359.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="XXX: Bigass 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",XXX: Bigass 2
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/360.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="XXX: bigtits" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",XXX: bigtits
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/361.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="XXX: BLACK RAW" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",XXX: BLACK RAW
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/362.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="XXX: brazzers" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",XXX: brazzers
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/363.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="XXX: JASMINE JAE" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",XXX: JASMINE JAE
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/364.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="XXX: MIAKHALIFA" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",XXX: MIAKHALIFA
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/365.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="XXX: MOFOS" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",XXX: MOFOS
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/366.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="XXX: TUSHY RAW" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",XXX: TUSHY RAW
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/367.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="XXX: VIXEN" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",XXX: VIXEN
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/368.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="XXX:Fetich 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",XXX:Fetich 2
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/369.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="XXXX: MILF 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",XXXX: MILF 2
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/370.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="XXXX: sex mex" tvg-logo="" group-title="XXX",XXXX: sex mex
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/371.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="url vencida" tvg-logo="" group-title="24/7",url vencida
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/372.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="UFC 260: Miocic vs. Ngannou 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="DEPORTES DE HOY ",UFC 260: Miocic vs. Ngannou 2
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/564.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="PARTIDO DE HOY 2" tvg-logo="" group-title="DEPORTES DE HOY ",PARTIDO DE HOY 2
http://zutv.online:2086/live/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/565.ts
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Â¡Feliz Halloween, Scooby-Doo! (2020)" tvg-logo="" group-title=" PELICULAS HD 2020",Â¡Feliz Halloween, Scooby-Doo! (2020)
http://zutv.online:2086/movie/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/873.mp4
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Â¡Scooby! (2020)" tvg-logo="" group-title=" PELICULAS HD 2020",Â¡Scooby! (2020)
http://zutv.online:2086/movie/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtgsbfdgbsgdb/sadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedtsadfgbsaedt/874.mp4
